Explain how to sanitize `url` parameters (#760)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/features.mdx

- span status must match HTTP response status code ([see Span status to HTTP status code mapping](/sdk/event-payloads/span/))
- when network error occurs, span status must be set to `internal_error`

> The `url` in breadcumbs and `$url` in span descriptions must be stripped of sensitive data like query parameters and/or username/password.

Reviewer: Right now, query parameters are the only sensitive data we can reliably detect. Which other sensitive data can you think of removing? If any come to mind, please mention that here. This sentence leaves a lot of room for interpretation.
Please try to be as specific as possible.

> The `url` in breadcumbs and `$url` in span descriptions must be stripped of sensitive data like query parameters and/or username/password.

Reviewer 2: I suspect that URL info could be in different places as well, See [this](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/fef9c695a1a7d3384fb3ce7ec6c264632e77061d/src/sentry/interfaces/spans.py#L34).

> The `url` in breadcumbs and span descriptions must be stripped of data worth protecting. Query parameters and username/password must be removed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If an `URL` is used in breadcrumbs or as a span description, it may contain sensitive data, such as query parameters or username/password, that must be removed by default.
```

> This example URL `https://username:password@example.com/bla/blub?token=abc&sessionid=123&save=true#fragment` has to be modified to look like this `https://%s:%s@example.com/bla/blub?token=%s&sessionid=%s&save=%s#fragment`.

Reviewer 2: `username:password` is called `userInfo` IIRC, or part of the authority.

- span status must match HTTP response status code ([see Span status to HTTP status code mapping](/sdk/event-payloads/span/))
- when network error occurs, span status must be set to `internal_error`

### Scrubbing Sensitive Data

HTTP Client Integrations record the URLs of HTTP requests. URLs can contain two categories of sensitive information:
* Privacy related data like passwords, private keys, etc.
* Personally identifiable information (PII) like email addresses, addresses, names, social security numbers, etc.

#### Privacy Related Data

> Privacy related data from the `url` in breadcumbs and `$url` in span descriptions must always be scrubbed.

Reviewer: If you form all sentences in the active voice, you have to specify the subject. Now I could ask myself, who is doing the scrubbing? The server, the SDK? Changing passive to active voice applies to the whole section.

```suggestion
The SDKs must scrub privacy-related data from the `url` in breadcumbs and `$url` in span descriptions.
```

> Privacy related data from the `url` in breadcumbs and `$url` in span descriptions must always be scrubbed.

Reviewer: I think it would be better to specify this so that future features are also included. 
What about 
```suggestion
The SDKs must scrub privacy-related data from URLs stemming from features that collect them automatically, such as HTTP breadcumbs and HTTP spans.
```

The username and passwords that can be included in an URL (like `https://username:password123@example.com`) must always be scrubbed.

Query params that contain sensitive information must also be redacted.

The SDK should maintain a list of query params that can include sensitive data. The default of the list should be the same list that relay uses to scrub sensitive data: https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/master/relay-general/src/pii/regexes.rs#L272

> The values of all query parameters whose name is in the list of params with sensitive data must be scrubbed.

Reviewer: Once we have the list of params, we should add them here.

This example URL `https://username:password@example.com/bla/blub?token=abc&sessionid=123&save=true&secret=geheim123#fragment` has to be modified to look like this `https://%s:%s@example.com/bla/blub?token=%s&sessionid=123&save=true&secret=%s#fragment`.

#### Personally Identifiable Information (PII)

SDKs should also give the user the possibility to define a custom list of query param names that should be scrubbed. Given the user full control over what data gets sent do Sentry.

> There should be a config option to the SDKs `init()` call that can set a list of query params that should be scrubbed. By setting this config option the default list of query params with sensitive data is overridden.

Reviewer: We still need to specify the name of the option, once we decided on one.

#### Privacy Related Data

> The SDKs must scrub privacy-related data from the `url` in breadcumbs and `$url` in span descriptions.

Reviewer: 🥇 for specifying the subject and using the active voice.
